Packages list metadata: rename field to `package_descrpition`, use regexp + docs (#2942)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Preferences.md

buckets in this dictionary are the ones offered when the user clicks
Revise Package > Add files from Bucket; if the dictionary is not set or is empty the feature "Add files from Bucket" is disabled
* `ui.defaultSourceBucket` - source bucket from `ui.sourceBuckets` that is selected by default; if it doesn't match any bucket then it's ignored

> * `ui.packages` - a dictionary of packages or `*` glob for all package names that map to a config specified visibility of message in the package list and JSON paths of `user_meta` (package metadata) to show
> 
> #### `ui.packages` example
> 
> Sample config to show `message` for every package and the "namespace/packageA" package in particular.
> If you provide this metadata `{"key1": {"key2": "Lorem ipsum"}, "key3: ["tag1", "tag2"], "key4": "tagA", "tagB" }` for "namespace/packageA", then we extract it according to the following config and show:
>   * Lorem imsum
>   * tag1, tag2
>   * tagA

Reviewer: Sorry to change the key name but `.packages` is too broad. I realize we will need other JS changes to accommodate.
```suggestion
* `ui.package_description` - a dictionary that maps package handle regular expressions or literals to JSONPath expressions of fields to show from package metadata in the package list view.
The key `*` matches all packages. Strings display as paragraphs. Elements of a list display as tags.

#### `ui.package_description` example
  
```

```

> ui:
>   packages:
>     *:
>       message: True
>       user_meta:
>         - $.Name
>     namespace/packageA:
>       message: True
>       user_meta:
>         - $.key1.key2
>         - $.key3
>         - $.key4[0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ui:
  packages:
    # match all packages
    *:
      # show the message
      message: True
      # show the .labels field
      user_meta:
        - $.labels
    # for any package with a handle prefix of foo
    foo/*:
      # JSONPath expressions to the fields to display
      user_meta:
        - $.key1.key2
        - $.key3
        - $.key4[0]
```

Reviewer: tagA is very confusing below because it's not a tag :)
